The solution for this exercise is very similar to the last example that we gave.
In this instance, there are two things that are missing,
the purpose and the scope.
In terms of purpose,
we need to be definitive and clear as to the purpose.
If this is an acceptable use policy that dictates user behavior,
that's what we need to say.
Then in terms of scope,
we need to make it clear that the acceptable use policy applies to every user,
assuming of course that that's what the policy should apply to.
Then if we look at the detail of the policy that actually exists,
under end-user devices, it says that users should only use laptops, etc.
Should, of course, is passive.
Then going further, it also says that no additional software should
be installed on laptops without the expressed consent of an IT department.
Again, should is passive.
We should be using determinative language like must or shall.
Then finally, looking at patching and updating,
there's an entire procedure around patching and
updating that's been made to be part of the policy.
It's just too much detail.
We of course need to take this information and move it into a procedure.